Postfilter supports some non-standard headers that allow the poster to modify its operation.

1. Distribution: local

Usually, all messages sent by users of this service are transferred  to all other servers that are part of the usenet network 
and so they can be read by all users regardless of the service they use. 
However, local clients are allowed to configure this server in such a way as to avoid propagating an article to other usenet 
sites but to make it still visible to users of this service. This can be done by adding the following header to the message:

Distribution: local

Any message that includes this header will only be visible to local users.

WARNING: in order to use this feature 'newsfeed' file (a innd configuration file) must be changed removing the string  '!local' 
from entry 'ME'
 
2. Distribution: usenet

If an user replies to a local message that includes the "Distribution: local" header, by default his answer will be made available 
only to the local clients unless the author explicitly configures the server to trasfer it anyway to the other usenet sites. 
In other words, this server adds the "Distribution: local" header to all articles that reply to every post that includes it 
in order to avoid missing articles inside threads of messages. 
If a local user still wants that the server propagates to other usenet sites his answer to a message that includes  
"Distribution: local" must add to his article the following header:

Distribution: usenet

Each message that includes the "Distribution: usenet" header will be propagated to other servers that are part of the usenet 
network even if it is an answer to a message that is available only to local users. 

This header has no effect on messages that would have been propagated anyway.

WARNING: in order to use this feature 'newsfeed' file (a innd configuration file) must be changed removing the string '!local' 
from entry 'ME'
 
3. X-Server-Commands: forcerejection

This header allows the sender of the message to ask the server to reject it. 
This feature is useful for developers to test the behavior of their programs when the server rejects a message. 
It can also be used to verify if the server is working properly. 
If a client includes this header in a message, the server performs all the usual checks before rejecting that post 
with a custom error message. So if the message has to be rejected for another reason, the server refuses it as it 
would do anyway and the string returned by the server to the sender shows the real rejection reason found by the script.

